Mention IRC authentication (#2256)
travis-ci/docs-travis-ci-com: user/notifications.md

## Configuring IRC notifications

You can also send notifications to an IRC channel.

> Notifications are sent from `travis-ci`, which auto-authenticates on most servers.

Author: ```suggestion
Notifications are sent from `travis-ci`, which auto-authenticates on Freenode.
```

> Notifications are sent from `travis-ci`, which auto-authenticates on most servers.

Author: :heavy_check_mark:
